dev, 3.0: Add rolling-update and backup configuration documents for tidb in k8s (#1343)
pingcap/docs: v3.0/how-to/upgrade/tidb-in-kubernetes.md

2. Run `helm upgrade` command：

    {{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

    ```shell
    helm upgrade ${releaseName} pingcap/tidb-cluster -f values.yaml --version=v1.0.0-beta.3
    ```

3. Witness the upgrade progress：

    {{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

    ```shell
    watch kubectl -n ${namespace} get pod -o wide
    ```

## Change TiDB cluster Configuration

By default, the change of configuration files is not applied to the TiDB cluster automatcially. The servers load the new configuration file when being restarted.

You can enable rolling update on configuration change by setting `enableConfigMapRollout` to `true` in the `values.yaml`. The steps are as follows:

1. Set `enableConfigMapRollout` to `true` in the `values.yaml`.
2. Change the configurations in `values.yaml` as needes.
3. Run `helm upgrade` command：

    {{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

    ```shell
    helm upgrade ${releaseName} pingcap/tidb-cluster -f values.yaml --version=v1.0.0-beta.3
    ```

4. Witness the upgrade process：

    {{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

    ```shell
    watch kubectl -n ${namespace} get pod -o wide
    ```

> **Note：**
>

> > - Changing `enableConfigMapRollout` variable against a running cluster will trigger an rolling-update of PD, TiKV, TiDB servers even if there's no configuration change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - Changing the `enableConfigMapRollout` variable against a running cluster will trigger a rolling update of PD, TiKV, TiDB servers even if there's no change to the configuration.
```

> > - currently, changing PD's scheduler and replication configurations(the configuration key under `[scheduler]` and `[replication]` of the PD config file) after cluster creation has no effect. You have to configure these variables via `pd-ctl` after the cluster creation, see: [pd-ctl](/reference/tools/pd-control.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - Currently, PD's `scheduler` and `replication` configurations (the configuration key under `[scheduler]` and `[replication]` of the PD configuration file) can not be upgraded automatically.  You must upgrade them manually via `pd-ctl`. See [pd-ctl](/reference/tools/pd-control.md) for reference.
```
